Target has exited
the vehicle with another passenger
and is approaching the building.
Copy, Tango One.
Sensor confirms.
We got a positive I.D.?
Running facial rec.
Affirmative.
We have positive I.D.
on target Triple A.
Thunder One Two
has positive I.D.
and lock on target Triple A.
Copy, Thunder One Two.
Engage at your discretion.
Wings hot.
Arm laser targeting.
Laser targeting.
Weapons hot in three...
two... one...
Rifle.
We've got a target
exiting the building.
Contact.
Building has been destroyed.
Tango One, Tango One.
We have one survivor.
♪ NCIS: LA 4x02 ♪
Recruit
Original air date on October 2, 2012
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪
I thought you might have
replaced that headstone
with her correct name.
I guess it makes it
easier for me to pretend
my sister Amy's
still out there somewhere.
Oh, it's always so lovely
and peaceful here.
And yet a painful reminder.
Of our own mortality?
I was thinking more of
the number of people
I've put in the ground.
Hell, I could fill
my own graveyard.
I'm sure most of them
deserved it.
You put fresh flowers
on Hunter's grave.
From my garden.
It seemed the least I could do.
She would have appreciated it.
I like to think so.
I, however, will not.
When I'm gone, I'm gone.
No ceremony,
no memorials,
and absolutely no bringing
of flowers to my grave.
Don't worry.
There will be none of that.
Good.
From what I hear,
Granger is going to have you
stuffed in a lifelike pose
for his office.
Don't be cheeky.
Though...
I wouldn't put it past him.
Come along, Mr. Callen.
No rest for the wicked.
Turn that punch on!
And this is me on a camel,
on the way to Petra.
Uh-huh, that's awesome.
Power kick!
You're not even
looking at it.
Get your feet going.
Yes. That is camel,
and I think he likes you.
What?
Power body!
No, that's my foo
I think
that's my foot.
Ooh, wow, that is awkward.
Moving on.
This is the Wadi Mujib,
on the way to the Dead Sea.
Get it out of my way.
I'm working out, Deeks.
Uh, while I'm trying to
show you my vacation photos,
which is more
than a little rude.
Dude, I've seen them.
Nice job.
Several times.
You e-mailed me every day.
Well, maybe next time,
you should come with me.
I've been to Jordan.
Okay.
Well, then, we can
go someplace else.
How about, say, for
instance, the Amazon?
Or Norway, the land
of my forefathers?
How about "no,"
Good work.
because we work
together every day.
Why would I want
to vacation with you, too?
Because we're partners
and I'm awesome.
Which is all the more reason
why I value our time apart.
Whatever.
You totally missed me.
Ha!
You didn't give me
a chance to miss you, Deeks.
Is that why you turned
your cell phone off?
I turned my cell phone off
because I was at a yoga retreat,
and I needed to relax.
Uh, wait a minute.
You don't do yoga.
I do yoga, and you
mock me for it.
That's because I do it
for spiritual centering.
You, on the other hand,
do it to pick up chicks.
So what you're saying is...
you couldn't make a hook-up
even with a yoga dude?
Okay.
You know what?
I was asked to leave
after the rescue helicopter
landed on the beach.
I was worried about you.
Thank you for that.
Well, maybe you shouldn't have
turned your cell phone off.
Ow!
Hetty wants you guys up in Ops.
Got a hot one.
Nell, wait a second,
hold on, you got to see this.
This is me
on a very excited camel,
on the way to Petra... Nell?
Nell?
I got a... camel and a...
I'm on a camel.
Hey, Sam!
How was your vay-cay?
Uh...
It was, uh...
it was good.
It was short.
Yep. Too short, but... good.
Quality family time,
you know?
You?
Um, awesome.
I helped design and build
a wind- and solar-powered
clinic in Guatemala,
and still had
time to hit up
a couple of ren faires, my lord.
Where's Nell?
Uh, she's rallying the troops.
What do you need?
A new chair.
That is your new chair.
I want my old one.
I-I thought it was broken.
Yeah, it was broken in
the way I like it.
Oh. Well...
I mean, this chair is
ergonomically designed
to improve posture,
reduce fatigue and
increase productivity.
So... um...
plus, this baby's got over
25 points of adjustment, yo.
Well, my butt only has
two points of adjustment,
and they both want
my old chair back, yo.
I-I think it's...
it's gone.
Here, you know what?
Here's what I'm
gonna do for you.
I'm gonna put in a request
and, uh, try to get you
a different chair.
Where's my old chair?
Well, you know, we donate
all of our old furniture
to... to one of our charities,
so if it's any consolation,
it went to a good cause.
It's not.
Find out where they took it.
I'll buy it back.
It might be...
in a container on a boat,
on its way to a girl's school
in Gwandara, Nigeria.
It might be?
It... is.
I'm... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, dude.
I just...
You know what?
I can get you a matching
lumbar pillow.
Morning.
You look like
you got some sun.
Yeah, I'm working undercover
at a tanning salon.
Yeah, you wish.
Mm-hmm.
Looks like somebody tried
to replace Sam's chair again.
Really, Eric?
It has over 25
points of adjustment.
Not anymore!
This is Adanan Al-Ahmadi.
He's also known as...
Triple A.
He's a bomb maker
for al-Qaeda, the Taliban,
anybody else who's
willing to pay him.
So he's an equal
opportunity exploder.
No? All right.
At least I'm trying.
He narrowly escaped
a drone strike.
When our people went in
to confirm the casualties,
they found the remains of
several of his associates,
including one who appeared
to be a Westerner.
DNA analysis
positively identified
the Westerner as an American.
Not only was he an American;
he was a Marine.
Counterintelligence Specialist
Gunnery Sergeant David Adams.
Was he kidnapped?
No.
Wasn't even supposed
to be in the Middle East.
His enlistment ended
18 months ago.
So what's he doing
back in Afghanistan
with known terrorists?
That's what we
have to find out.
Hetty already made arrangements
for a Marine Corps rep
to meet us at the boatshed
to tell us what they do know.
Of course she has.
According to his file,
Adams comes from
a highly decorated
Marine family.
Both his father and grandfather
were awarded the Silver Star.
We really appreciate it.
Yep. Okay.
- What's the family saying?
- Well, evidently,
they're refusing to accept
he was even in Afghanistan,
let alone dead.
Perfect.
Pick a number
between one and ten.
Seven.
Four. Eight.
Six. Five. Five or...
five or six.
I really don't care.
Why are we doing this?
Doesn't matter.
I'm gonna go back
with my original number,
which is my lucky number,
which is four...
point zero zero two six.
The atomic weight of helium?
You're good. She's good.
Your favorite number
is the atomic weight of helium?
And you call me a geek?
Helium makes you talk funny.
Makes you think funny, too.
You win, Deeks.
Number was four.
Boom. What'd I say
about my lucky number?
You two talk to the family,
we're gonna speak to the Marine Corps.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait.
Why do we got to speak
with the grieving family?
That's not fair.
Sam's your partner.
I could've said any number,
and you would've
said I won.
Come on, Einstein.
I hate this game.
We've been tracking
Adanan Al-Ahmadi for months.
Our intel was good,
but his was better.
How so?
He has an uncanny ability
to stay one step ahead of us.
To the point
we started suspecting
he had inside information.
But you were never
able to prove it.
Not until we recovered evidence
from our last attempt
to get him.
These are some of the notes
we recovered from the rubble.
These are translations
and intelligence evaluations,
but basically they show
intimate knowledge
of our operational procedures.
Fortunately, the majority
of the information
recovered was somewhat outdated,
but it's all classified.
It could only have
come from someone
within one of our Marine units.
And you think that someone
was David Adams?
The man was killed
in one of Adanan Al-Ahmadi's
safe houses
with his jihadi poker buddies.
Evidence doesn't get
much more damning than that.
You said this information is outdated?
Yes.
About 18 months.
That's roughly the
same length of time
since Adams was
in the Corps.
But Adams never showed
any indication of
this sort of behavior
while in the Corps?
No, sir.
From all reports,
he was a model Marine.
So why turn traitor now?
I only wish I could ask him
that myself, Agent Hanna.
Perhaps we'll never know.
I hate to think
that any American,
let alone a fellow Marine,
would compromise his country.
But anyone who puts American
servicemen in jeopardy
is an enemy of mine
and the United States.
He was so proud to have
followed in his father's
and his grandfather's
footsteps.
I can imagine.
My dad was a Marine, too.
Do you have any idea why
your son would go back
to Afghanistan?
He wouldn't.
And I don't believe he did.
As much as he loved
serving his country,
he was glad when his
last tour was over.
He liked being a Marine,
but he was eager to start
the next chapter of his life.
Now, I know this must be
difficult for you,
Mr. and Mrs. Adams, but...
You've lost a child?
Brian...
No.
Then you have no idea.
If I may, sir,
you have our deepest sympathies.
But the DNA evidence
confirms that
one of the casualties
in the drone attack
was indeed David.
Where's his body?
His remains are being
flown back as we speak.
Remains?
So you have a body?
I don't know the extent
of what was recovered
from the attack site, sir.
Did your son ever talk
about his time in country?
No.
Most of what he did
was classified.
All I cared about...
was that he do his best
to keep himself safe
and come home in one piece.
- And he did.
- Which is precisely
why he wouldn't go back,
especially on his own.
He has a good job
with the county.
His loves his
girlfriend to death.
He was even planning to go
back to school in the spring.
Does that sound
like somebody
who was going back
to Afghanistan?
No, sir, it does not.
But if it wasn't David
who was killed,
where is your son?
Tungsten.
What's that?
My favorite element--
it's tungsten.
Number 74 on the
periodic table,
and formerly
known as wolfram.
Okay.
It's got the highest
melting point
and tensile strength
of any metal.
Um, that's nice.
Oh, come on.
What's your
favorite element?
Um, do you use this line
at the Genius Bar?
No.
I just thought you
might have a...
You know what? Never mind.
Ununoctium.
What?
That's my favorite element.
Uh, that's the stuff
they mined on
Pandora in Avatar.
No, um, that's unobtanium.
This is ununoctium.
It's element 118.
There is no element 118.
Flerov Laboratory
in Russia
produced one atom
in 2002, two in 2005.
It's quite rare.
Sorry.
Must have missed that issue
of the Periodic Times.
Ah, that's cool.
Unun... Hello.
Ununoctium.
No, no, no, look.
Eight days ago,
David Adams took
a Delta flight from
L.A. to Cincinnati.
Next day,
he flies to New York,
boards Alitalia from JFK
first to Rome,
then to Madrid.
From there, he takes
Brussels Airlines
flight 3728
to Brussels.
Did you even know that
Brussels has an airline?
Of course.
Okay. He then took
Czech Airlines
flight 637
from Brussels to Prague,
continues
on Turkish Airlines
1768 to Istanbul,
followed by
Saudi Arabian Airlines
flight 264 to Riyadh
and, finally, Qatar Airways
to Abu Dhabi,
with a stopover in Doha.
Which means...
He needs a new travel agent.
Clearly, he was trying
to make it difficult,
if not impossible,
to track his movements.
But you did.
Well done.
Inform the others.
You can run,
but you can't hide
from Team Wolfram
and Ununoctium.
What?!
Hey-oh.
That's our, uh,
favorite elements
from the periodic table.
Come on, Hetty.
You must have a
favorite element.
Scotch.
Dos tacos.
Gracias, Carlos.
Y dos aguas. De nada, G.
Thank you.
Oh, that's so good.
You sure you're
not hungry?
Not now.
What the hell is that?
Fish tacos.
What kind of fish?
The kind that swims
in the ocean.
Mmm.
How could you
eat something
without even
knowing what it is?
That could have been last week's
bait, for all you know.
Even looks like chum.
Carlos is the Iron Chef
of the food trucks.
Smells good over here.
What's for lunch?
Mystery fish.
Oh, Deep Sea
Surprise is back?
Help yourself.
Seriously?
Mm-hmm.
Nice.
Sharesies?
No, thank you.
And don't say "sharesies."
All right.
How'd you two make out?
Parents are in denial.
Their son worked at L.A.
County Beach and Harbor
and has a girlfriend,
Mary Clark,
who we are on our
way to go see now.
This is delicious.
Too bad you don't
know what it is.
Sure, I do.
It's a Lake Superior white fish.
I'd say caught in a gill net.
Probably two or three days ago.
What?
I'm a surfer--
I know my fish.
Yeah, he's kind of
like a trained seal,
only without the
"trained" part.
- Or the "SEAL" part.
- So, why would David Adams
go back to Afghanistan
if it wasn't to work
for Adanan Al-Ahmadi?
Maybe he left someone
over there.
Maybe he met a woman.
No, he already
had a girlfriend.
I hate guys.
Maybe it wasn't a girl.
Maybe it was treasure.
You watched Goonies again,
didn't you?
No.
Maybe.
There it is.
What? It's a great movie.
Deeks could be right.
It's a good movie,
not a great movie.
No, no, about the treasure--
or something like it.
Adams had access
to a lot of intel.
Wouldn't be the first
person to go back
and try and profit
from his time overseas.
So, what are
you thinking?
Um, drugs? Weapons?
Stolen antiquities?
You got something
for us, Eric?
We found proof that David Adams
flew to Dubai
eight days ago.
There's no evidence of how
he got into Afghanistan
once he got there,
but we're still looking.
He also received
a $2,500 deposit
into his bank account
a week before he left.
It also originated
in Dubai.
Blood money?
Looks that way.
Okay, thanks, guys.
I guess treason doesn't pay
what it used to.
I like hiring guys and gals
with military experience.
They're good at
taking orders.
Usually got their act
together, especially Marines.
Besides, it's nice to
give a little something
back to the guys who
served, you know?
What can you tell us
about David Adams?
He's a good kid.
Hard worker.
Knew his way around the water,
so I put him
on the dredging project.
Doing what?
Anything that needed to be done.
Army Corps of Engineers
is taking
over a million cubic yards
of sand
out of the Marina del Rey
channel.
Big job.
Unfortunately, I got
20 more miles of beach
and a couple dozen other marinas
to deal with.
He ever mention
anything
to you about going back
to Afghanistan?
Afghanistan?
Thought he was going to Oregon.
He told you he was leaving?
Yeah, he put his
two-week notice in
about a month back.
He was real apologetic.
Said he got a job
offer up north.
I could have swore
he said Oregon.
What kind of job?
Logging.
It's tough work,
but they were paying
a lot more money.
He needed it
for school.
You sure we're talking
about the same kid?
Maybe it's time we talked
to somebody he served with.
Oh, look at this.
Check that out.
That's my favorite.
Deeks, I'm driving.
We're in a parking lot.
You're pulling over.
Yeah, to let you out.
Next time,
I won't slow down.
Okay, you have to admit, though,
I am rocking that turban.
I look like
Lawrence of Arabia.
Hmm?
Okay, that's a kaffiyeh,
not a turban,
and you seriously look
like you're in drag.
Touché.
Okay, that is mildly amusing,
but you can't say "touché."
Think I just did.
Yeah, but it was
inappropriate.
I'm the one that's
supposed to say "touché."
I can say "touché"
if I want.
Yeah, you can say it,
but it doesn't make
any sense.
All right,
if I say something
and you say something
witty in return,
which, by the way,
is highly unlikely--
let's just say for the sake
of argument that you do,
perhaps by accident--
then, and only then,
would I say "touché."
Yeah, see, I think you're just
mad that I beat you to it.
That's not how
it works, all right?
Only the person
being bested says "touché."
Really?
All right, you know what?
Let me just drop
some knowledge on you
for a second, all right?
It's French.
It comes from fencing.
It means "to touch."
So, if I were
to touch you
with my sword,
then you would say "touché."
Then I wouldn't say it
because you ain't
never touching me
with your sword, Zorro.
Wow, that just happened.
Fair enough.
Okay, that was a touché.
Okay. Touché.
But you don't get to say it!
Touché, touché, touché.
Yeah, it's like teaching
semantics to a dolphin.
Yes?
Hi, Miss Clark.
This is Agent Blye
and Detective Deeks, NCIS.
We spoke on the phone.
I'll be right there.
Okay.
♪ Touché, touché ♪
♪ You cannot
touch my touché. ♪
Okay, that's a human
resources violation,
which is going
in my report to Hetty.
Really?
David's parents told me
you spoke with them.
They don't think
it's true, either.
We wish it wasn't,
but, unfortunately,
all the evidence
points at David being dead.
It's Callen.
Excuse me.
But it could be a mistake.
We don't think so.
But at this point,
anything you can tell us
is going to help us
learn the truth.
So can you think
of any reason
why David would go
back to Afghanistan?
No.
He wouldn't do that.
But he did.
I'm sorry.
It just doesn't make any sense.
Okay, thanks.
So, according to his boss,
David quit working
for the county two weeks ago.
Yes, he got a new job
in Alaska.
Doing what?
Working for an oil company.
I just talked
to him Thursday,
and everything was fine.
You spoke to him on the
phone five days ago?
We Skyped.
He said that he
was going
into the interior
the next morning
on some geological surveys,
and that he would call
or e-mail me
whenever his crew
got to someplace
where they had cell
or Internet service,
but he didn't know
how long that would be.
Do you have the name
and number of the company
he was working for?
Yes.
Why would he
switch jobs?
It was more money.
They even gave him
a signing bonus.
Why wouldn't he tell his parents
that he was going away?
He was waiting.
Waiting for what?
The right time.
I'm pregnant.
And David thought that we
would need more money now,
especially
if he was going to try
and go back to school.
You served two tours
in Afghanistan with David Adams?
Yes, sir.
How would you
describe him?
Squared away
with sharp corners, sir.
Smart, tough, reliable.
A damn fine Marine.
When was the last time
you spoke with him?
Probably about a
month or so ago.
I tried to convince him
to come work
at Homeland Security with me.
He wasn't interested?
He was trying to get
into law school.
Any reason
you can think of
that he'd go back
to Afghanistan?
Not really.
Unless it was
a humanitarian effort.
Why would he lie about that?
No reason.
No reason,
I guess, but...
he was very sympathetic
to the plight
of the Afghani people.
Sympathetic enough
to betray his country?
No, David wasn't a traitor,
but... but he did believe
that the Afghani people,
they needed our help.
And he talked about that
a lot.
Maybe he thought
he was helping them.
If David did go back
to Afghanistan
without telling anyone,
my first guess would be
that he's working for the CIA.
Well, Langley swears
that David Adams was not working
for the CIA.
So, if he's
in Afghanistan
with known terrorists
and he's not
working for us...
He's working for someone else.
Which is the same thing
as working against us.
Mm-hmm.
So, I think we found something.
I've been in contact
with every humanitarian
and charitable organization
operating in Afghanistan,
none of which know David Adams.
No surprise there.
The oil company which he was
supposedly working for in Alaska
never heard of him, either.
But we were able
to access his e-mail account
with the info
his girlfriend provided,
and that's where
it gets interesting.
We found a bunch
of correspondence
with a company called
Atama Security
& Protection.
They're a private security
firm that operates
around the globe,
including the Middle East.
They hired David
three weeks ago.
It makes sense-- high pay
for a dangerous job.
He doesn't want his parents
and his girlfriend
to worry, so he lies,
says he's going to Alaska
where he can't be reached.
But why wouldn't
the security company
notify someone he was missing?
Maybe they didn't
know about it.
Or they did know and
considered it bad for business.
Did you guys call?
Yes. They said it was against
company policy
to reveal information about
their employees' whereabouts
for their own safety.
It's too late for that.
The dude's dead.
Yeah, they said they'd look
into it
and get back to us.
Great.
Yeah, that's not
going to happen.
I need you to turn the heat up
on Atama Security.
Place is empty.
Where is everybody?
Check out these posters.
Is the security by Abercrombie?
Guys couldn't protect
a frat party.
Federal agents! Anyone here!
Hello?
You work here?
Nice customer service
there, huh?
Federal agents!
Throw down your weapon!
Who taught this guy
to shoot, Deeks?
That's funny
till he wings one of us.
How many shots was that?
Seven.
How many you think
he's got left?
Not enough.
Give him something to shoot at.
You give him something
to shoot at.
It's your turn to be the decoy.
Pick a number
between one and ten.
Get out of here.
G?!
I'm good.
"Game over."
No doubt.
Danny Levian.
You're a long
way from home.
I live in Glendale.
With your relatives.
You're on student visa
from Yerevan, Armenia.
Your aunt and uncle know you're
working with the Taliban?
Or is it al-Qaeda?
I work
for Atama Security.
Which is a terrorist front.
What? I don't know
what the hell
you're talking about, man.
I just answer the phones.
And shoot at people.
Which, in this case,
is attempted murder
on two federal agents.
Wait. Hold on.
You broke in, all right?
I thought you were gonna
kill me and rob the place.
What do you expect me to do?
Try again.
The door was unlocked.
Where are your coworkers?
Most days, it's only me
answering the phones.
One time, another guy was there
interviewing somebody,
but I haven't seen him
in a week or so.
You got a name?
Mr. Jones.
I-I only work there
part-time, okay?
I swear. You can check.
I'm a student
at Santa Monica College.
Yeah, not a very good one.
You've got a, uh...
you got a C in
American Cinema.
Who gets a C in a
film studies class?
All you do is
watch movies.
It's just an elective.
That's the spirit.
I think he broke my jaw, man.
You're lucky he didn't break
your neck.
Day's not over yet.
You know this guy?
No. Who is he?
You tell us. He works
for your company.
I told you,
I just answer the phones.
Yeah?
Well, let me give you
a hint-- he was killed
in a drone attack
with some other
high-profile terrorists
a few days ago.
Look, Danny, you seem
like a smart kid.
No, he doesn't.
You really don't, but...
we're gonna give you a
chance to do something
really smart which may
actually save your ass.
Right now, our
forensics computer team
are about to rip through every
byte of your personal history,
including that of
Atama Security.
They find even the
slightest link
between you
and this man,
well, I shudder to think
of the consequences,
and I seldom shudder.
It's true.
I've never seen him shudder.
Don't even think
about trying to hide
something from us.
You ready?
We're gonna tear this place
some new inodes.
I did their Web design
and process the job
applications, okay?
I have no idea
what happens after that.
What happens after that
is a whole lot of
stolen information.
Prospective employees give up
tons of personal details,
like Social Security numbers,
banking details,
all under the guise
of security
background checks.
Dozens of applicants
have reported identity theft.
Even if Atama Security
is a scam,
it doesn't explain why
David Adams was in Afghanistan.
Yeah, but scam or no scam,
somebody's bankrolling it.
You know what they say.
When in doubt...
Follow the money.
Mmm, nice to get out
for a change, huh?
You know, sometimes I think
Hetty makes us stay in Ops
just so she can
keep an eye on us.
Like we're gonna get in trouble
out in the field.
Nell?
Uh, Nell?
Intelligence Analyst
Nell Jones, NCIS?
Hello?
Is, uh...
is anyone else here?
NCIS Ops.
Hey, it's Eric for Hetty.
Who is this?
Eric.
Eric who?
Beale.
What are you doing?
Um, hi, hi.
What's up?
I was...
No, no, never mind.
Um, I was just, um...
I was just, uh...
Just have her call me back.
Okay, bye-bye.
Hey.
Wow!
Is there a problem here?
No. Why? Is there?
I don't know. Why do I feel
like you're acting weirder
than normal?
No. Weird? I'm not weird.
You're weird.
No, you're not weird.
I mean, it's like...
it's like... this is weird
that you're asking me.
Where were you?
I was tapping into their
phone lines, remember?
Right.
Yeah. Um, are you sure
that you're okay?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm awesome.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, um, are you strapped?
Excuse me?
Packing? Carrying heat?
I'm sorry, I...
Do you have a gun?
Yes, I have
my service weapon. Why?
Good. No, I'm just checking.
Just checking.
Wolfram, you're
safe with me.
We should... get at it.
Uh, at work.
We should.
Yeah, we should
probably get busy...
doing stuff...
that we were doing.
Okay.
These four are all employees
of Atama Security,
and they all have
two things in common.
All former military?
Correct.
And the other?
They're all missing.
None of their families
know where they are.
They all follow the same
basic pattern as David Adams.
They were all hired
by Atama Security,
wired money prior
to leaving the country,
and never heard from
after reaching Dubai.
That's a more
than two things in common.
Even though Atama Security
purports to be
a decades-old global company,
we can't find any evidence
of their existence
dating back more
than three months.
And I'm still not sure
where they're actually based
because everything's
being routed through
a proxy-mix cascade
in Curacao.
Ah, of course, Dutch Antilles.
What?
The economy's tough.
People need work.
They're willing to give up
tons of personal information
in hopes
of getting a job.
Even if Atama Security
is a glorified phishing scam
for identity theft,
someone wired these five guys
money and plane tickets.
Why?
How many job applications
did Atama Security receive?
Hundreds.
Only these guys
were hired.
All military,
all missing.
Dubai's an easy point of entry.
And they probably signed a bogus
confidentiality agreement
so no one knows
where they're going.
David Adams ended up
in Afghanistan with Al-Ahmadi.
Okay, do you two have
something you want
to share with the
rest of the group?
Atama Security is stealing
more than identities.
They're stealing people,
specifically former
military personnel.
It's a honey pot.
They offer them a good job.
They even give them
a $2,500 signing bonus.
They fly them overseas
and hand them off
to guys like Al-Ahmadi.
Unfortunately, you're wrong
about one thing.
These aren't the only five
they've hired.
They're just the only ones
who were reported missing.
They've hired
at least six others.
There could be more.
Of the six new hires, only
two have already left.
Jennifer Lee arrives in
Madrid in a few hours
before continuing
on to Turkey.
Okay, we can have
Interpol intercept her
at the airport in Madrid.
What about this guy?
Unfortunately, John Harris
arrives in Dubai tomorrow.
Dubai?
And you're going
to do this with
the blessing of the Emir,
of course?
We were kind of hoping
to get in and out
before anybody
really noticed.
And I was hoping to be living
on a quiet vineyard
in Saint Emilion by now.
Well, if this goes wrong,
you'll get that chance.
And you might get the chance
to see the inside
of an Emirate prison.
Won't be the first time.
No, but it might be
your last.
What am I supposed to say
to Assistant Director Granger
if he decides to grace us
with a surprise visit?
Hetty, we've already
lost one American.
Four others are missing--
five if we don't intercept
this next one.
All of whom are probably
being torted right now
for information
on our military operations,
assuming they're not
already dead.
All the more reason
not to rush into this.
If it goes bad,
we'll blame it on Mossad.
Oh, not funny.
It's a little
bit funny.
A little.
What the hell.
Oh, Mr. Beale,
would you make
arrangements
for our team
to get to Dubai
ASAP?
Uh, we've already
secured a flight
out of Edwards
Air Force Base.
We were kind of hoping
you'd say yes.
I got a security cam
and the button cams
that Sam and Callen
are wearing.
It's a live feed,
but it's delayed,
a little sketchy.
ll, this should suffice,
Mr. Beale.
John Harris.
Sam Hanna, NCIS.
You're in serious danger.
Follow me.
Howdy.
That's me.
I'm John Harris.
You from Atama Security?
He's not buying it.
You're up, tiger.
Oh! Oh, I'm so...
I'm so sorry, sir.
I'm so sorry. Let me just get
your cell phone back. Go, Ken.
Beautiful.
Okay, that was cool.
Let's hope it stays that way.
Let's go.
Out.
Where were you
taking John Harris?
Ana la atakellem
inglieezi.
Mafi mushkilah.
Ana a'taklam alarabia.
Wa ana aydan.
Save that crap
for the tourists.
Taking me against my will
is a crime.
I've done
nothing wrong,
and you have no authority
in this country.
No, you're absolutely right.
But if you don't cooperate,
you're gonna be absolutely dead.
Where's Adanan Al-Ahmadi?
I know no such man.
You recognize
these men?
Friends of yours?
I don't think he's taking
my threat seriously.
You Americans are very
good at making threats.
But you do not know the
true meaning of jihad.
Your friends, however,
they soon will.
Yeah.
And you'll know the meaning
of La'anatullah.
Looks like you just
bought yourself
a one-way ticket to paradise.
Where he's going isn't paradise.
Atamana an Tahtareq
fee al jaheem.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
Omar...
Who are you?
John Harris.
Supposed to meet somebody here
from Atama security.
Am I in the right place?
No.
I'm afraid you are
in the wrong place.
Everybody good?!
I'm good!
Kensi?!
On your knees!
We're good!
What's shaking, boys?
So, John Harris, the man
we intercepted at the airport,
is on a flight home,
and the two men we rescued
have been taken
to Landstuhl Medical Center
in Germany for further
medical evaluation.
And so far, they both
seem to be doing well.
Excellent.
What's going to happen
with Adanan Al-Ahmadi?
Out of our hands now.
The D.O.D. will hammer out
some sort of an agreement
with the United Arab Emirates
to deal with him.
And our team should be
safe and sound
on their return flight back.
Well done.
Go home.
Are you sure you don't
want us to wait?
When she says go home,
we go home, Ununoctium.
This-- oh, this is my favorite.
Look at that.
This is me riding
through the sand dunes.
You can't tell that's me,
but I'm the driver.
Look how much air
I'm getting in this photo.
Oh, my gosh, this is a
16-hour flight, Deeks.
Oh, don't worry,
we'll get through
all of them
before we land.
And this--
that, you know that guy.
Hold up.
Huh?
That you on a
camel, Deeks?
Yeah.
Let me see that.
That's funny.
What else you got?
I got this.
Ha!
Look like Lawrence
of Arabia.
Right?!
That's what I said!
Be my guest.
Yeah?
That's cool.
All right, check this out.
You're gonna love this.
Hetty made arrangements
for someone to debrief
Mr. and Mrs. Adams
about their son's death.
It won't make it any easier,
but hopefully they'll find
some closure knowing
that he wasn't a traitor.
If anything, his
death saved others,
and it helped us
catch Al-Ahmadi.
That's awesome!
Love it when our boys
get along.
Love it when someone else
has to look at Deeks's vacation photos.